added aditional content to foundation/Choose Your Path Forward (#25178)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/tying_it_all_together/conclusion.md

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

> * If you are still confuse, Checkout this article to get more facts, prons and cons about both languages [Ruby on Rails vs Javasctipt.](https://cloudinfrastructureservices.co.uk/ruby-on-rails-vs-javascript-whats-the-difference/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are still confused, Check out this article to get more facts, pros and cons about both languages [Ruby on Rails vs Javasctipt.](https://cloudinfrastructureservices.co.uk/ruby-on-rails-vs-javascript-whats-the-difference/).
```

> - If you are still confused, Check out this article to get more facts, pros and cons about both languages [Ruby on Rails vs Javasctipt.](https://cloudinfrastructureservices.co.uk/ruby-on-rails-vs-javascript-whats-the-difference/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are still confused, Check out this article to get more facts, pros and cons about both languages [Ruby on Rails vs Javascript.](https://cloudinfrastructureservices.co.uk/ruby-on-rails-vs-javascript-whats-the-difference/).
```

> * If you are still confuse, Checkout this article to get more facts, prons and cons about both languages [Cloud-Infrastucter- service article](https://cloudinfrastructureservices.co.uk/ruby-on-rails-vs-javascript-whats-the-difference/).

Reviewer: Can we correct the typos here please.

 If you are still confused, Checkout this article to get more facts, pros and cons about both languages [Ruby on Rails vs Javascript](https://cloudinfrastructureservices.co.uk/ruby-on-rails-vs-javascript-whats-the-difference/).
